hi guys it's grace and my new video for
you today is going to be a sodastream
review video now i know that's a little
bit different from Beauty videos and
things like that but I was actually in
contact with the company SodaStream and
they knew that I did review videos and
things like that and so they wanted me
to do a review of their product to
Sodastream's so i received a SodaStream
from them and I've absolutely loving it
I love everything about it um I'm
drinking a soda stream right now but if
you guys don't know what soda stream is
it's basically a machine which I'm gonna
show you guys in and I'm gonna be off
camera this is just like my little
review what it is basically is a machine
a carbon dioxide tube at the back and
basically um what it does is you put
this bottle and like does you fill it
with water up to here and when you press
the button it fills it with carbon
dioxide and it makes it I'm fizzy in
like a soda and then you can pour
whatever you really want in it they have
like diet coke syrups and things like
that but right now i'm just drinking
some raspberry seltzer water and it
saves you a ton of money like i would
always go to the store obviously i would
get like drinks like I'm drinking cell
sirota all the time like I love seltzer
water with raspberry and lemon lime and
everything like that I absolutely love
that so I would actually be spending a
lot of money on buying those drinks now
that I can just make them at home it
seems like a lot of money in a lot of
time and effort and sells remote is
really healthy so if I didn't have cell
server in the house or I'll usually
drink drinks with more calories and them
and things like that but now that I have
the SodaStream I can just make this
really quickly on the go in so retail
tail lights and these go for about a
hundred dollars or something like that
I'm sure you can find them at different
places but um I'm I think they're about
a hundred dollars but I in my opinion
it's definitely worth it because you can
make your own soda at home it saves you
honestly I would be spending like
technically like a 12 pack of like the
seltzer water at the store is like eight
dollars and I would drink that like
really quickly and so does my dad my dad
drinks all sort of like all the time
like this saves us so much money and
then like you can make giant coconut
tastes exactly the same you can make
like sprite and ginger ale and all those
things taste exactly the same and it
saves you money it saves you time it's
just it's perfect so um that was like my
little
of you I absolutely adore this I want
all of you to go get it like aspirin for
Christmas your birthday because it's
really healthy it saves you a lot of
money and I think it's perfect so I'm
going to show you a little bit of how it
works and let's get into that okay so
this is basically what the SodaStream
looks like it's really compact and I'll
basically just fit right in your counter
if it's right on my counter perfectly
but I'm stopping to my room right now so
I can assure you guys um basically it's
really small you know it fits basically
anywhere in comparison to a flip-flop
this one's broken but I had it right
here it's like that size is about a size
nine flip flops that's what I am but
that's trigger a little comparison but
let me show you guys I'm the brains
behind the whole machine basically what
it is if you turn this around on the
side there are two little things that
you press on to like this and the whole
back we'll remove very simple and so at
the back of it is this carbon dioxide
tube and um you put this in and this is
basically what this is what your drinks
become fizzy from it just sends some
carbon dioxide into your water so then
it's really simple to just be able to
clip that back right on nice and in
place so they also give you on this
bottle right here and this is it's
basically a normal size for a soda
bottle probably a little bit bigger and
with a cap and everything like that and
they also send me a ton of different
flavors um like diet coke like I told
you guys but I usually just makes else
or with exciting cell sir but right now
i'm going to show you guys how to work
the machine so what you do is you take
your water right here you take cold
water because this is actually going to
be what your water is so if you want
warm water you fill it with warm water
but i'm guessing most people would want
cold water and there's a little water
line if you can see right there it has a
little bit of it has a faucet and then
like a water line you fill your water
right up to that line i take the cap off
it's completely unfinished guys like
I'll drink it straight out of my tap and
what you do is you kind of press this
open right here and there's a little um
prong that you twist the bottle onto so
you take it like this this is kind of
hard to do because I want to show you
guys but you kind of just like twist it
it's hard to do one handed while holding
the Machine and filming but and you
twist it on until it's nice and in place
which is actually really simple when you
have two hands and you're not trying to
film but it's a little bit wobbling sits
standing on my Backstreet Boys books but
that's another story so now it's a
really really really simple part is is
right up at the top there's a button
right here and I couldn't get this at
first it was a little bit troubling
because I wasn't I didn't know you had
to press down so hard but what you do is
you press down hardly for about two
seconds each time and it's gonna send
carbon dioxide into your water so let's
just do that and you until it makes the
fart sound it's not ready so that's the
sound that you know that it's done so
when you just press the soon and you can
hear all the air some of the air release
like it does soda and then you just
untwist it like so um um you have your
nice and carbonated soda um now you can
basically fill it up with anything that
you would like I am going to fill it
with my may this is um this will make
your orange seltzer water which is
really really good it's about a half
tablespoon that's how much you're
supposed to use but I kind of just do it
by feminist port in so I'm gonna put
about that much in and you don't want to
shake it up cuz I'm all the bubbles will
go away guys put the cap on and then I
kind of just go up and down at it like
this boom boom boom like that and then
your soda is completely ready to drink
it or even know if you can see this but
you just like this and it's ready to go
and it's super bed because that's the
end of my review of the SodaStream I
think I should all get when they're
absolutely amazing and I'll talk to you
later bye